Update doc for regexp in CEL expression (#1830)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/authoringprs.md

  event == "pull_request" && target_branch != experimental"
```

## Matching a PipelineRun on a regexp in CEL language

> You can match branch name using regexp in CEL see example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can match branch name using a regexp in a CEL expression.

for example:
```

  event == "pull_request" && target_branch != experimental"
```

## Matching a PipelineRun on a regexp in CEL language

You can match branch name using a regexp in a CEL expression.

> for example:

Reviewer: actually you should explain what the expression does,

this will match an event and match on regexp any feat branch with a slash

I am actually not sure if it's what it does?

(don't use that verbatim, feel free to rephrase with chatgpt)
